hey hey so did you kiss Jojo yet
probably not your first wagon Jojo he
wants me here
what was it Lord um you know you know I
really I really want to say it was good
but it it just didn't feel right you
know it was you know I didn't I didn't
feel anything like mean India in my
penis that's right I didn't not a single
bit of no no erection at hold it was
just was weird you know it's it I'm
obscene tab boon away maybe maybe effect
kissed one of you guys Oh feel um I
don't um no you know okay okay I
understand all right just uh so why we
still going for naked pool parties cuz
yeah yeah see we decided to stop those
as of right now no naked no there's no
naked pool parties no well you know okay
okay I'm just going to go hit the old
dusty trail so wha later see you later
guys bye bye late pass
so you wanna go like shopping or
something
I look gorgeous
yeah